Bugs: I did not complete the alpha like I wanted so I have to make that work first.
I will make the events effect the voters by iterating through each list and keep track of the new sizes of each map.
3rd update: tempList cannot erase as it is in a range-based loop. I need a iterator based loop. oops.
5th update: I noticed that the staunch population trackers would always increase when partyChange was zero even if the voter was already staunch. fixed it with a if statement.
6th Update: I have made the display for the parties. However I suspect that they might be a bit skewed as a single vote from hihger up in the code could go through the event again in parties below it. I am not sure what to do about yet. maybe make a copy map? I'll deal with it later, but I am making a note of it.
10th update: There is a path in partyChange() that might not return an integer. I will apply a while loop to validate that the int is returned.
11th update: I noticed that in the big for loop I use i twice for two different for one of for loops inside the other. I will change the first one as it does not matter as much.
So something goes wrong before the file is closed. probably reading the file into the different lists. I will test by using debug phrases.
Okay so somethings wrong with my reading method entirely. it can only add two voter before crashing. I think that because the array is seeing [3] when it can only do [(0-2)]
13th update: The event choosing is now the problem. it is not happening. It turns out I had the for loop check to see if e is greater than EVENT_NUM. In addition I had a semicolon in the wrong spot. both are now corrected.
16th update: I am having a problem with my iterating. I have checked an it is not the partyChange() function. I believe this stems form the fact that I am erasing the iterator and then it tries to go to the next spot. I also chnaged the positioning of the removing of the staunch modifer. I need the system to return the next available iterator.
18th update: I notice that the independents and right processing is being skipped. I have tested and I can see that the problem is the iterator is being skipped.
okay simple fix. I created the Left processing first and when I was done with taht I coppied it for the Independent and Right parties, but failed to update which map I was using.
19th update: I realised that never had the nonPop variable update when a non-voter leaves a party. I will change that.

The probability of changing parties is too high, so I will decrease it and increase the likelyhood of staying in their current party.
me changing the probability, casued the for iterator loop to hang. It is because the iterator is never advancing. I just need to advance the iterator when someone stays, becomes staunch, or becomes non-voting.

I noticed that a voter could be both staunch and non-voting, but occasionally only non-voting. The non-voters should be naturally staunch as they have given up voting so do not feel the need to switch parties.

okay I will now address the whole processing problem. It is far more likely that the left gains voters right now as its voter are processed twice and sometimes even thrice. I will make two new maps that will hold the voter being transfered to the Independent party and Right party until the processing for reach loop is over.

The lists need to be cleared at the of the program. also the confirmation to continue should not happen on the final loop. I will set an if variable to check if it is the final loop. 